Have you ever came across a fictional character, that is so real, so vulnerable and raw. If not then I am sure you haven't read
'Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo'. Written by Taylor Jenkins Reid, who is an acclaimed author and her novels have been named 
best books of summer by People, Us Weekly, InStyle, Glamour, and many more. The protagonist of the story, who rises to fame, 
and becomes one of the eminent personalities of Hollywood, but it did come with a price. The press scandals, issues with the 
personal life, these things will definitely keep the reader involved. 

I am not used to reading books on my phone, but when I started reading this book on my phone, I just couldn't stop myself. 
It all starts, when a passionate journalist Monique is called by Evelyn Hugo herself to interview her and that's how to the story
progresses. We get to know the person who feels so real, her story, her problems and her seven husbands and one secret that 
she has been keeping. So here are seven reasons why you should read this masterpiece.
 
The character Evelyn is written so beautifully, that she just feels so real, we get to know her, her struggles and problems. She is bold
and beautiful, and just like any human being she isn't perfect she makes mistakes and has regrets. And we get to see a character 
development as the story progresses. Fame does come with a price and the story portrays the dark side behind that glamour, fame 
and money. With the eyes of the media always on her, she does try to maintain her reputation. The film industry is very conservative 
when it comes to women, since the stakeholder and producers are under the believe that actresses stay relevant up until a certain age,
the story also talks about that. Also portrays the struggles of Evelyn to stay relevant in the industry, and to be taken seriously as an 
actress. 

This book is definitely worth reading, I hope you guys find this helpful and I tried not to give any spoilers. Will be writing about other books
by Taylor Jenkins Reid very soon. Until then Happy Reading!!